store-example02-clustered-store-2-clients/README.md, before:

Demonstrates very basic operations with the Terracotta Store API with a distributed dataset.

See src/ClusteredStoreExample_Client1.java and src/ClusteredStoreExample_Client2.java

NOTE: to successfully run this sample, JAVA_HOME must point to a Java 1.8 JDK installation

To Run:
1. Start a server by running 

        ./start-server.(bat|sh) <terracotta-kit-path>
        
2. Configure the cluster by running 
        
        ./configure-cluster.(bat|sh) <terracotta-kit-path>
        
3. Connect the first TC DB client to it by running 

        ./start-client1.(bat|sh) <terracotta-kit-path> 
    
    This client will create a dataset, add a record, modify the record and prompt you to run the second client.
    
4. Start the second client by running 

        ./start-client2.(bat|sh) <terracotta-kit-path> 
    
    This client will apply further modifications to the existing record in the dataset
    
5. Once the second client terminates, resume the first client by pressing Enter or Return key.
You will now see the changes done in Step 4 above at the first client

Commit message:

* add more info to READMEs * add root level README with common setup information * replace the <terracotta-kit-path> with the TC_HOME env variable * tested manually both on Windows and Mac

store-example02-clustered-store-2-clients/README.md, after:

Demonstrates very basic operations with the Terracotta Store API with a distributed dataset.
===========================================================================================

Have a look at the code
-----------------------
The Java source code is located under [src](src/)

Important note
--------------
Make sure you read and applied the instructions provided [at the top level](../)

How to Run
----------

1. Start a server by running 

        ./start-server.(bat|sh)
        
2. Configure the cluster by running 
        
        ./configure-cluster.(bat|sh)
        
3. Connect the first TC DB client to it by running 

        ./start-client1.(bat|sh)
    
    This client will create a dataset, add a record, modify the record and prompt you to run the second client.
    
4. Start the second client by running 

        ./start-client2.(bat|sh)
    
    This client will apply further modifications to the existing record in the dataset
    
5. Once the second client terminates, resume the first client by pressing Enter or Return key.
You will now see the changes done in Step 4 above at the first client
